this is strictly in 60 seconds your
quick step guides all the action from
the dance floor this week our famous
five saw a strictly semi-final that
really tested their new ballroom
abilities each couple had two dances to
perform and with a double elimination
looming the pressure really started to
show I think beyond your skill set to be
honest few moments of educational need
in there but you get mixed up in the
youth or you of the whole thing so you
lost the time in human lives we have two
perfect scores the first of the scenes
and even Craig behaved himself dancer
honestly but this week it was time for
two dancing Joe's to be sent home
the grand final in Blackpool now beckons
but who will be your straitly champion
2011 make sure you keep up to date with
all the backstage cross it right here at
bbc.com dot UK forward slash strictly